Add 2022-03-10 agenda and meeting (#50)
solid/notifications-panel: meetings/2022-03-10.md

* [Solid Code of Conduct](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md), [Positive Work Environment at W3C: Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/)
* Operating principle for effective participation is to allow access across disabilities, across country borders, and across time. Feedback on tooling and meeting timing is welcome.
* If this is your first time, welcome! please introduce yourself.

### Scribes
* name

---

## Topics
* SC: Impl feedback doesn't need to be in notification panel charter.

### WIP Implementation Feedback
* SC: We'll allocate some time for implementation feedback going forward. Links to servers/applications welcome. What's everyone working on or plan to work on?

### Incorporate resource-centric discovery of notifications
* SC: Intention is to allow the simple/classic version of subscribing to resource updates - which was previously used for WebSocket. Questions/Considerations (see subtopics):

> * SC: To what extent can the Notifications Protocol incorporate both simple and negotiation-based (the current mechanism in the spec, eg. via storage description)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: To what extent can the Notifications Protocol incorporate both simple and negotiation-based (the current mechanism in the spec, e.g., via storage description)?
```
